ETH/SOl solve more than just for currencies.
They let users program any decentralized application, be it be a decentralized uber / decentralized social media.

We can create out on token to which is kind of like program only.

Solana have started a token programme, where anyone can create token, program on top of the token program code that solana 
have deployed.

in github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library 
In the above repo we can find a directory called token, That is the token program started by solana, any one using this token program can show their token 
inside non custodial wallet which uses them. eg: phantom wallet shows all the token which was created under solana token programme. 

ETH and SOL blockchain have anything, we can store data inside ETH/SOl in form of smart contract just as we store datas on AWS/GCP. 

The whole reason why it's work can be explained with a simple example. 

Let's say I want to create a new blockchain and create a new token, (eg: Abhinand Token), Now the problem is to find miners for my new token. 
So even if I have ETH code base, it will not have it's security as number of miners are very short. 
To resolve this issue we can create a smart contract on ETH/SOL so that apart from creating our on token we also have the security as the miners for the native 
token will for our token as part of the token programme.

It's called TOKEN programme in SOLANA and ERC-20 on ETH. 

So basically the token programme in SOL is just a program that solana team have deployed on their blockhain which people can use to create their on token and mint new token (generate new token)

How does phantom know that our token is part of the token programme. 
- So those non custodial wallet send request to this token program directly from where these info are fetched.

Why should we create on top of other blockchain and not out own from scratch.
- Since only a selected few blockchain are supported by wallets like phantom, it will be hard for us to convince big companies to use our 
  on blockchain without a giant support. So it's much better to built on top as we can see and use our token on wallet's from day 1.

So basically there are blochains like ethereum, solana, bitcoin and then there are token which are created on top of existing blockchain. 

What does deploying an app in a decentralized way mean? 
- All the nodes in the blockchain will have this code, any one can look at the code and changed made from one place will affect it everywhere, in every node this function created 
by solidity (example) will be called. 

Accounts on Solana:
On solana accounts is the basic data structure used to store various information.
 Data storage:
  accounts on solana is used to store information for programme (smart contract), and to maintain state.
Lamports:
  Accounts hold a balance of solana's native crypto currency , lamports (SOl in atomic unit) which are used to pay transaction fee and 
  also for paying rent for the space required to hold smart contract data.
Programs: 
  On solana there is a special kind of account which contain executable code. These code get's executed when a transaction is triggered. 


In solana have a program account and another data account where all data get's stored.
- The program account is where the lines code code reside and the other account is where the data used in the porgramme get's stored. 
  In bothe of these account some lamport should be kept for fees, and other purpose. 
  The program account is executable (as it is a smart contract) and the data account is non executable. 

- Then there is a 3rd account which is the basic account which is used if no smart contract is there and it's just a normal account with 
  some token on a wallet like phantom.
  It also have some SOL and take some data.

The program account kind of control the data account analogous to how out backend controls the database. 

If there is an account in solana blockchain which stores some data, there should be some SOL present which is called RENT 
which is required as we are renting space on blockchain.
If we add a sufficintly large amount of SOL as balance, we will be rent excempt, which means that we don't have to pay rent anymore. 





