To create a wallet/account in blockchain, we need a private public key pair. 

private public key are pairs used in assymetric cryptography. These two keys have the 
following charateristics.

Public key : public key is a string that can be shared openly.

With the public key other can send us fund as well as see our balance.

private key - confidential use to send crypto

Bit and bytes:
Bit is the smallest unit of data in a computer which can have value 0 or 1.
Bytes is a group of 8 bit. It is the standard unit of data used to represent a single character.

Private key is a 32 bytes array. so it will have a length of 32 and each of these position can
have value from 0-255.

This bytes for user firendliness is converted into string of 32 length.

ascii - all english alphabets and a bunch other characters are represented using bytes 0 -255
eg: A - 65 - binary corresponding to this byte number will be what is stored in memory.  


Most private, public keys are encoded to either base64 or base58. It's not encoded into 
ascii because when encoding keys where each position have 0-255 to ascii it can potentially
have a lot of special characters. Which we don't need. But when converted to base64 / base58 
it will not be having those special characters and the wallet is not wiered.

We get hex representation by grouping 4 bits together of a really big bits.
0001 1101 0011

We get base64 representation bu grouping 6 bites together, as 2^6 = 64

So when we convert a string (english) -> base64
We are essentially converting ascii to bytes and bytes to base64.

ACCEPTING AND SENDING CRYPTO 
When we need to receive crypto, we can just share our public key to the other person. 
We we need to send crypto we need to sign the message (sending details) using the private key,
And broadcast the signed message as well as the public key. THe blockchain verifies the signature using 
the public key to verify that the message was indeed signed by us.

A block can have multiple transactions and each transactions have a signature associated with it, which 
confirms that the metadata associated with that transaction is valid. As all the miners can verify the 
signature using using the public key.

